Project Detailing :

As of now the current implementation does the following:

We initiate the action to be performed by sending in a message from the mobile.
The laptop which is paired with the mobile via bluetooth receives the message.
We have a cron job setup which runs the a shell script which basically checks if 
there is a new file in the received folder. 
If there is a new file then we execute a shell script which fires up the terminal
and executes the contents of the file which is basically a shell command.
The problem of messages queing up is also looked by the script which is setup in the
cron.

So moving forward we would like to implement the following features.

As of now we run on the system to run the script but we never know if it is really
triggered or not. So we need to send back a message to the user saying the action has
been successfully triggered. The following ideas can be used to to achieve this:

1. Check for the id of the job and see whether it matches or catch the system call which is
triggered. (There might be other approaches as well but as of now we have these thoughts
on the subject).

2. It would be great if we could work on integrating voice recognition into this, instead of
sending in messages we can setup a radio which would receive signals on a particular frequency.
Now I user can tune in to the signal and transmit the messages via voice. And again on the 
receiving end we could have the same procedure going on with an extra layer of decoding the voice
signal received.

3. We would like to integrate this with Leap Motion controller. This is basically to control something
with actions. In order to understand the functionality we are in the process of going through the 
python API's which are available and we hope to somehow integrate this we the motion controller.

4. The main aim would be to process the script and send back a success or an error message.
Alongside we would be working on the ideas 2 and 3.

I hope it would be a great learning opportunity playing around with the hardware and the software.
